How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff commend showe lines that were diferent in each file

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    this feature helps to see what was changed in code 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: you will be more familar with code
    cons: you spend much more time looking for errors 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   git is designed to save multiply files or entire rep with file because chnages in these files may affect functions in other files, so in order to avoid a bug we need to save changes in all files simultaneously;

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    function diff shows differnce beetwen code before and ater any changes

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    because with VC you free to do any changes and return your previous code if any errors

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will be using git to save and control code from my own projects




How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

   with this option you can see old versions of you code and, if any bug coming up in new code, you can easily switch to 
   old workable code 

 What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    manual commits:
    pros: you saving just enough code to understand what was changed, and not creating a lot of commits
    that could disapoint you in future
    cons: you can save too much or too small amount of changes

    auto commits: cons and pros are vise versa to manual commits

 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   git log shows all commits to current file and git diff shows the difference in code or changes between 2 committs;

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	With VC you can easily return to previous version of code and locate a bug.
